male announcer:
From Comedy Central's
World News headquarters
in New York,
"The Daily Show
with Trevor Noah" presents...
♪ ♪
[uplifting music]
- Major news from
the White House--
someone just got fired,
but not the person
you were hoping for.
- All right, we do have
breaking news
about a staff shake-up.
- Omarosa Manigault-Newman,
better known as Omarosa
to people who like to
watch "The Apprentice,
she will be leaving
the White House
effective January 20th.
- General Kelly
was tired of it.
He was tired
of all the drama.
Kelly confronted her.
She was very vulgar,
very, um...
she was cursing.
She tried to
go see the president.
Security alerted
General Kelly.
He came back down,
told Secret Service
to take her out of there.
- Wow.
- She was escorted
off the property.
It was very ugly.
It was high drama.
- Oh, yeah!
The Trump administration is
having its season one finale,
people, I'm loving this!
That is so wild.
Can you imagine being there
when General Kelly
was fighting with Omarosa?
Something like,
"Goddamn, this some bull!
I'm sick a this crap!
[bleep]!"
And then Omarosa was like,
"Okay, fine, I'll leave."
- I resigned,
and I didn't do that
in the residence
as being reported.
But when I have a chance
to tell my story, Michael,
quite a story to tell.
As the only African-American
woman in this White House,
as a senior staff
and assistant to the president,
I have seen things that
have made me uncomfortable,
that have upset me,
that have affected me deeply
and emotionally,
that has affected my community
and my people.
- Oh. When she says
her people,
does she mean
reality show stars?
Because she was not fighting
for black people
in the White House--
"My people."
Slow down, Omarosa Parks,
slow down.
You can't roll hard with
President Trump for a year
and then come back to
the neighborhood like,
"That was really weird,
right?"
Anyone else notice that?
It was just me? Anyone?
Oh, and if you're wondering
whether black people
were buying it,
just ask Robin Roberts.
- She said she has
a story to tell.
I'm sure she'll be
selling that story.
- We will see.
- Yeah, she will.
Bye, Felicia.
crowd: Ooh!
- Oh!
- Omarosa's stunning
"Meet the Press" interview
where she tells all about
her time in the White House.
- Donald Trump is a con
and has been masquerading
as someone
who is actually open
to engaging with diverse
communities.
He is truly a racist.
- Omarosa!
How can you say that
about the president
three years after we all
said that about the president?
How?
Seriously, though?
Omarosa had to spend a year
in the White House to learn
that Donald Trump
doesn't know what he's doing?
Like, I can't wait for
her next book,
"Donald Trump: Something's
Wrong With His Hair."
But the revelations
in Omarosa's book
aren't even the juicy
part of the story,
because it turns out that,
unlike James Comey,
she wasn't just making notes.
She was making tapes.
- Former presidential advisor
Omarosa Manigault Newman
admitted that she secretly
recorded
Chief of Staff John Kelly
firing her
in the high security
White House Situation Room.
- What's weird about this
is that Omarosa
is presenting these tapes
as evidence
that she was treated unfairly,
but from what she released,
John Kelly
doesn't sound that bad.
If anything,
he just sounded like a guy
who had a lot more important
things to do, you know,
He's just like, "Look, I can't
have this conversation
"right now--the president
accidentally swallowed
"the nuclear launch codes,
and, uh,
we need to come up with
some new ones, ASAP."
Like, if anything,
these tapes may have
landed Omarosa in hot water,
because she took
a recording device
into the White House
Situation Room.
That's the room
where presidents hold
the most
classified meetings,
like highly classified,
things that are too secret
for the Oval Office.
Like, the Bin Laden raid
was run from
the Situation Room.
I mean, I know now we don't now
what they use that room for
under Trump, I mean,
I bet if we checked
the security cam footage now,
we'd just see like Ben Carson
sneaking in to take naps
and...
and Don junior going in there
to practice his karate.
You know, just like [as Don]
"The true master is one
who can strike without
waking me up."
And as if taping
the Chief of Staff
in the Situation Room
wasn't scandalous enough,
today, Omarosa dropped
her latest mixed tape,
and this one features
the president himself.
Oh, and please listen
to how Trump reacts
when he "finds out"
Omarosa has been fired.
- "I don't love you
leaving at all.
"I just found out! They run
a big operation, Omarosa.
God damn it!"
You know, for a man who
lies as much as Trump,
you'd think he'd be
better at it.
He's like, "No.
I'm so upset about this!"
I wonder if he did this
to people
who got fired from
"The Apprentice,"
if he also called them,
he's like, "Hey, Gary,
"I just saw last night's
episode--what happened?
What happened?
God damn it, I didn't know."
[mellow music]
♪ ♪
- Breaking news out of
the White House.
The president has asked
Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson
to step aside,
and he will be replaced
with the current CIA director,
Mike Pompeo.
- That's right.
President Trump has fired
Secretary of State and human
grumpy cat, Rex Tillerson.
And this just continues
an unprecedented run
of people quitting
or getting fired
from the Trump Administration.
I mean, think about it.
We're not even 14 months in,
and look at all the people
we've lost, right?
This is like "Saving Private
Ryan" numbers over here.
Look at this, right?
That's a shit ton of people.
And I'm not exaggerating.
Rex was only one
of three people
who were fired today.
Yeah. His aide was fired
for explaining how Tillerson
was fired,
and Trump's personal assistant
was fired
for possible financial crimes.
Yeah. Working
for the White House
is basically like being
in a "Saw" movie, you know?
You show up, you get
tortured for a while,
and then you get killed off.
That's how it works.
But of course,
there's always the president,
whose catchphrase
is literally "you're fired,"
didn't have the balls
or the decency
to tell Tillerson the news
to his face.
- The Secretary of State
was informed
by White House Chief of Staff
John Kelly
that the president
had made a decision
to relieve him of his duties
but did not say
when that would happen.
- He learned about his
termination officially
in a tweet by the president.
- Okay, I'm sorry.
That's messed up.
How can you fire a man
in a public tweet?
At least slide into
his Dms.
- You know, I wish Rex
a lot of good things.
I think he's gonna do--I think
he's gonna be very happy.
I think Rex will be
much happier now.
- You know, Trump--
Trump is right.
Yeah. Rex Tillerson
will be much happier now.
Everyone who leaves the White
House ends up happier.
Just look at this guy
or this guy,
and especially this guy.
[laughter]
Yeah.
But even though he was
a disaster overall,
we should still be able
to celebrate Rex Tillerson's
greatest achievements,
which we celebrate tonight
in Rex Tillerson's
Greatest Achievements.
[uplifting music]
♪ ♪
- NBC news reporting
that the Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson
called the president
he serves a moron.
- My source didn't just
say that he called him a moron.
He said an effing moron.
[musical flourish]
♪ ♪
[cheers and applause]
- Tillerson,
thank you for your service.
♪ ♪
- Andrew McCabe,
number two at the FBI,
has been fired.
Now, the Justice Department
says it's because
McCabe lied about leaking
information to the press,
but McCabe
has a different theory.
- McCabe says his firing
was part of a wider effort
to discredit the FBI
and the Mueller investigation.
He says he was singled out
because of events
he witnessed in the aftermath
of the firing of FBI Director
James Comey.
- Oh, okay.
That's interesting.
So McCabe says he got fired
because he's got dirt
on Donald Trump.
One of his best stories about
the president hating McCabe--
one of the best stories
I've heard--
came out after Comey was fired,
right,
when Trump was so angry
that he roasted McCabe
about his wife losing a race
for state senate.
- Trump demanded to know
why Comey was allowed
to fly home on an FBI plane
after he had been fired,
these people said.
McCabe told the president
he hadn't been asked
to authorize Comey's flight,
but if anyone had asked,
he would have approved it.
The president was silent
for a moment,
then turned on McCabe,
quote: "Ask your wife
how it feels to be a loser,"
Trump said.
McCabe replied, "Okay, sir."
Trump hung up the phone.
- He's mad at Comey, right?
He's mad at Comey.
So he insults McCabe's wife
because she ran for
a senate seat and lost?
That's so messed up.
Especially since Trump
should know what it's like to
have a wife who wants to run.
Come on!
[laughter]
And...
[applause]
and poor McCabe...
[cheers and applause]
poor McCabe
in this whole thing--
he's so FBI that he gets
insulted
and he's just like,
"Okay. Okay, sir."
That's all he does?
'Cause the Commander-in-Chief
insults him,
he treats it like
it's an order:
"Why don't you ask your wife
why you're so bad in bed."
"Okay, sir. Honey,
the president has a question."
So again, again...
it's well known
that President Trump
wasn't a fan of
Andrew McCabe,
but still,
that doesn't prove
that he conspired
to have McCabe fired.
It is suspicious, though,
that back in December,
Trump tweeted, "McCabe
is racing the clock
to retire with full benefits.
90 days to go."
And then right at
the deadline...
- Former FBI Deputy Director
Andrew McCabe
fired tonight by
Attorney General Jeff Sessions
just two days before McCabe
was going to retire,
his pension now gone.
- That was just
26 hours
before McCabe was due to
retired on his 50th birthday.
- So in the end,
Trump appears to have been
extra vindictive
about this, right?
He said he didn't want
McCabe to get his pension,
and it looks like he made sure
that that happened.
And we don't know for sure
what happened.
But that's how it looks,
like if you've been
saying for a year,
"I wish my dickhead husband
gets killed by a 1982
Dodge Caravan,"
and then three months later,
your husband gets killed
by a 1982 Dodge Caravan,
don't be shocked
when they cops show up like,
"Ma'am, we suspect
"that you killed your
dickhead husband
with a 1982 Dodge Caravan."
"But I loved that dickhead!
I did!"
[slow jazzy music]
♪ ♪
- CNN Breaking News.
- Breaking news--
President Trump suddenly fires
the Attorney General
Jeff Sessions
for the unpardonable sin
of recusing himself
from the Russia investigation.
- Jeff Sessions,
forced to resign today
at President Trump's request.
- President Trump fired
Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
- Okay, now, that's not fair
to President Trump.
He didn't fire
Jeff Sessions.
He just said "Rumplestiltskin,"
and then the curse was broken.
That's how it works.
And remember, this is all
happening in one day,
you realize this?
All of this is happening
in one day,
and this is huge news.
The president has fired
his Attorney General.
And I know there were rumors
that this might happen.
In fact,
people were talking about
Sessions getting fired
for so long,
he probably already
had a back-up job lined up.
He's like, [accent]
"It's okay.
"I'm already Assistant Manager
at Baby Gap.
"But...
but I want you to know
I've recused myself from
folding those onesies."
And the timing,
man, the timing
is so brazen from Trump.
This is literally less
than 24 hours
after the midterms.
He knew that this wouldn't look
good before the midterms.
He doesn't even wait--
he just pulls the trigger
on this thing.
He could at least have
made it seem
like he needed to
think about it first, you know?
It's like when you're
in a relationship
and your girlfriend is like,
"Hey, if something
ever happened to me,
which one of my friends w--"
"Karen!"
[laughter]
"I didn't--I didn't even finish
what I was gonna--"
"What? What were you
gonna say?"
"Which one of my friends
would you hook up with?"
"Karen. Yeah, Karen."
"Have you been thinking
about this?"
"No. It just came
into my head now. Yeah.
Karen on the beach in Montauk.
That's, uh..."
It's like,
think about it, Trump, fake it!
And I never thought
I'd say this,
but I feel bad
for Jeff Sessions.
Because apparently, Trump
didn't fire him to his face
or even call him.
He just sent John Kelly
with like a pre-written
resignation letter.
Yeah, John Kelly probably
got there and he was like,
[as John] "All right, Jeff,
you wanna do this
"the easy way
or the Omarosa way?
Which one is it?"
[sentimental music]
♪ ♪
- Fox News has now confirmed
that Ty Cobb is out as
the president's
in-house Russia counsel.
- Less than a month ago,
the president tweeted this:
The failing "New York Times"
purposely wrote a false story
stating that I am unhappy
with my legal team
on the Russia case.
Wrong. I am VERY--all caps--
very happy with my lawyers,
John Down, Ty Cobb,
Jay Sekulow.
They are doing a great job.
- Yeah, they're doing
such a great job
that two of them are now gone.
You know, whenever Trump tweets
that someone's job is safe,
it's like that video
from "The Ring"--
seven days later, you're gone.
That's how it works.
So it's now official.
Ty Cobb is out.
And you know shit
must be brewing
if a guy who looks like
Ty Cobb is bailing.
Like, do you know what it takes
to scare a guy
who had cholera during
the Spanish-American War?
Do you know what it takes
to scare that person?
[solemn music]
♪ ♪
- Also breaking this morning,
House Speaker Paul Ryan
will not run for re-election
in November.
He is the 23rd Republican
to announce their retirement.
- This year will be
my last one
as a member of the House.
It's been a wild ride,
but it's been a journey
well worth taking
to be able to do my part to
strengthen the American idea.
- Oh...
he sounds like it's
his last day at camp.
"It's been a wild ride.
"So many fun memories
with my friends.
"Like the time
I tried to take away
"poor children's health care.
Wah!
And swimming by the lake--
best summer ever! Ah!"
Yes. Paul Ryan,
top ranking congressman
and guy at the gym
who eye-bangs himself
in the mirror,
is stepping down.
And then stepping back up
and then stepping down.
I guess it's legs day.
And this is a big deal.
It really is a big deal.
Even though Paul Ryan looks
young enough
to play Spider-Man,
you've got to remember
that he's actually
been in Congress since 1999.
Yeah. That was so long ago,
Britney Spears
hadn't even done it
again yet.
Yeah. She'd only done it
one time,
and remember, we all thought
that would be the only time.
We were so naive back then.
Now, other than pretending
that he was upset
about stuff
President Trump said,
the thing that Paul Ryan
was most famous for
was his deep, sincere concern
about America's national debt.
- We are fiscal conservatives.
What that means is
we believe
government should not
live beyond its means.
The debt is projected to grow
to truly catastrophic levels
in the near future,
leading to an economic collapse
and a diminished future.
Bringing our deficit
up to a trillion dollars
will only serve to actually
weaken the dollar.
I don't know what it would
take for a person
to completely sell out the will
of the American people,
sell out the federal budget,
sell out our children
and grandchildren.
What on earth could you
be given in legislation
to make you vote for that?
- Uh...tax cuts?
(bell dinging)
Oh! I got it right!
I got it right.
Thank you!
[cheers and applause]
Yeah because, you see,
after eight years
of blaming President Obama for
the ballooning national debts,
last year when the Republicans
took over the entire government
under the leadership
of Paul Ryan,
here's what they did.
- The two biggest
achievements for me
are, first, the major reform
of our tax code
for the first time
in 36 years,
which has already been a huge
success for this country,
and that's something
I been working on
my entire adult life.
- New forecasts say
the U.S. budget deficit
will balloon
in the next few years,
largely thanks to the
Republican tax cuts.
- The CPO says it'll hit
a trillion dollars by 2020.
- Yeah. But I mean, look,
come on, come on.
Let's not be haters.
What's a few trillion dollars
between friends, right?
Just because Paul Ryan turned
out to be a complete fraud
doesn't mean
we can't give him
the sendoff that he deserves.
Paul Ryan is leaving us,
folks.
So let's pour out a 40.
40 grams of protein,
of course.
Yeah. Just for him,
the way he would like it.
[laughter, applause]
Just for you, Paul.
[sentimental music]
♪ ♪
- Yet another White House
shakeup.
This one's perplexing
even those in the
president's own inner circle.
President Trump caught many
off guard this weekend
when he announced his
Chief of Staff John Kelly
will be out
by the end of the year.
- John Kelly will be leaving,
retir--I don't know
if I can say retiring,
but he's a great guy.
John Kelly will be leaving
at the end of the year.
- No!
Not John Kelly.
He was just about to get Trump
to act presidential.
He just needed one more week!
So close.
I think it's fair to say that
being Trump's Chief of Staff
did not work out well
for John Kelly.
Because remember,
he came into the job
known as a respected
four-star general,
and now he's leaving the job
known as the guy
who fired Omarosa.
Like...that's a downgrade.
That's actually the saddest
thing about John Kelly.
It seems like his whole job
was just telling other staffers
that Trump was firing them.
'Cause he had to fire Omarosa,
he fired Scaramucci,
he fired Steve Bannon,
he fired Rex Tillerson,
he fired Jeff Sessions.
I wouldn't be shocked if Trump
made him fire himself.
He was just there like,
"The president has requested
your resignation."
"What? After all I've done?"
"Please, try to leave
with some dignity."
"Go to hell,
you son of a bitch!"
"Don't talk about our mom
like that."
Maaah! Maaah!
- Melania Trump.
You know those movies
where the beautiful
but mysterious woman
with the foreign accent
is actually a secret assassin?
Well, maybe we should have
seen this coming.
- A dramatic move by
Melania Trump
that apparently blind-sided
top White House aides.
- Melania Trump's office
releasing a statement
publicly blasting
a national security official.
- The First Lady called for
Deputy National Security
Advisor Mira Ricardel
to be fired, complaining
directly to her husband
about being unhappy
with Ricardel
during her first solo trip
to Africa in October.
The two fought over seating
on the plane
and using National Security
Council resources
for the trip.
The First Lady's office
issued a statement saying...
- Sweet lord,
Melania does not mess around.
We barely hear from her,
and then when she does speak,
it's to fire somebody?
And like,
whatever this lady did
must have made Melania so mad,
'cause you realize
Trump cheats on her, and she's
pretty chill about it.
But then Melania
goes on a flight,
and all of a sudden,
she's all like,
[accent] "Bitch took
aisle seat."
[laughter]
And like, honestly, I don't
even know who this is.
Mira Ricardel? Who is this
person that they're firing?
Like, they're running out of
people we know to fire.
This is like "Walking Dead",
season six.
Oh, no, they killed...
Derrick...